(please review) UUID (#1729)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/preview/preview-guid.md

Before looking for the cause of this issue, make sure there are no error messages in the editor before previewing.

> Under normal circumstances, if generating `settings.js` fails, there will be error messages in console. Most common is a script error, because when generating `settings.js`, all scripts in the project are loaded in the build process. If any script contains illegal writing, an unexpected error will be thrown during the loading process and `setting.js` will fail to be generated. For specific error message information, you can refer to the hint in the error message. Usually the error content here is the UUID of the asset. The corresponding UUID can be copied to the __Assets__ panel to search and locate the script.

Reviewer: “if generating `settings.js` fails” -> “`setting.js` load failure means `setting.js` generation fails”？

Author: ok, I made many changes. See commit.

> Under normal circumstances, if generating `settings.json` fails, there will be error messages in console. Most common is a script error, because when generating `settings.json`, all scripts in the project are loaded in the build process. If any script contains illegal writing, an unexpected error will be thrown during the loading process and `setting.js` will fail to be generated. For specific error message information, you can refer to the hint in the error message. Usually the error content here is the UUID of the asset. The corresponding **UUID** can be copied to the __Assets__ panel to search and locate the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under normal circumstances, if generating `settings.json` fails, there will be error messages in console. Most common is a script error, because when generating `settings.json`, all scripts in the project are loaded in the build process. If any script contains illegal writing, an unexpected error will be thrown during the loading process and `settings.json` will fail to be generated. For specific error message information, you can refer to the hint in the error message. Usually the error content here is the UUID of the asset. The corresponding **UUID** can be copied to the __Assets__ panel to search and locate the script.
```

For more information about the specific generation process of `setting.js`, please refer to the [Introduction to the Build process and FAQ](../publish/build-guide.md) documentation. The preview `setting.js` generation rules are basically the same as the generation rules with only debug mode checked, the difference is that the preview only sorts out asset information and does not package the assets.

### Asset loading 404

> Usually, this is caused by asset loss or import failure. Please **use the missing asset UUID to search in the editor's assets panel**. If no assets are found, usually the asset is lost. You need to modify the scene or asset using the assets. If assets are found, you can try to re-import.

Reviewer: I think maybe we can keep the original writeup here and then include a jump link <https://docs.cocos.com/creator/3.0/manual/en/editor/publish/build-guide.html#resource-loading-404-errors> to let users see the details themselves.

> Usually, this is caused by asset loss or import failure. Please **use the missing asset UUID to search in the editor's assets panel**. If no assets are found, usually the asset is lost. You need to modify the scene or asset using the assets. If assets are found, you can try to re-import.

Reviewer: “You need to modify the scene or asset using the assets” -> “You need to modify the scene or other assets that depend on this missing asset”？

Author: Sure, that makes clearer sense.

Author: I made some language changes to this, please see commit below.

> Usually, this is caused by asset loss or import failure. Please **use the missing asset UUID to search in the editor's assets panel**. If no assets are found, usually the asset is lost. You need to modify the scene or asset using the assets. If assets are found, you can try to re-import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, this is caused by asset loss or import failure. Please **use the missing asset UUID to search in the editor's assets panel**. If no assets are found, usually the asset is lost. You need to modify the scene or other assets that use this lost asset. If assets are found, you can try to re-import.
```
